I actually
With a strange man who has only met once
Married student card, you take it
The password is six sixes.
You can spend the money inside at will.
I'm in a hurry to go to America now.
Just hold the goods back in your hand.
Hey, I have enough money to spend it.
Give me the money as soon as you get the certificate
Isn't he dealing with elders urging marriage?
He wants to have a good time with me
Grandma didn't take good care of you
Make you famous
But in a woman's best place
Just get married
Xingjiang is the biological grandson of my grandmother's best friend
He promised me that he would take good care of you
As long as it doesn't make my grandma happy
Fake who doesn't sleep
Grandma, we're done getting the certificate.
Okay, I'll be on time tomorrow.
That's how we feel.
It's coming soon.
The station manager is here
In particular